So with that we now got a working application we're not able to access routes if we are not signed in.
We're not able to see the links.
If we are not signed and we learned how we can hook this up to firebase though I will repeat this firebase
is only a dummy solution here.
I try to take a very generic approach which is why a stored a token in this token property here as I
assume that when using a different back end you probably will store a token in some way like this.
Of course you may add then a method to retrieve the token at a time to launch the app and check if there
is a token local storage.
These are all ways of improving the app.
I'm happy with the state we reached here and that we are able to use the features angler offers us to
protect this app and to control where the user is allowed to go and where it may not go.